So let's take a look at the model evaluation.
OK.
So now we're in the model.
We wanted to test that more than in reality.
So going to expose a model to data that the model hasn't seen before during the training and that's
a key essence in testing any machine learning or the cloning model.
So let's take a look at our model here.
So let's assume again let's go back to our two classes.
We have the blue classes here.
We have the red classes and we have kind of two features on the x axis and Y axis and we separated these
two classes using what we call the maximum margin hyperlinked.
Okay which is the line which is the support in machine learning technique has been able to separate
these two classes.
Okay so the point is.
Okay so now we've changed our model now the model is good looks perfect.
Now we want to test it.
OK.
The key element that we do not use data that we have use doing training to test our model.
Okay.
We don't simply do this.
Why.
Because in general these models are kind of trained.
They have been trained to to use specific datasets.
We generally don't use a teeling data to test or model.
We actually use another datasets or call testing data to test our model and see if classifies our data
set into again malignant or benign is.
So that's where we use it actually best thing beta which is kind of data that the model hasn't seen
before during training.
Let's test our model to see if we can actually generalize classifies or model or not.
Okay.
So that's how we evaluate our model.
So one of the key features or out of the are one of the key objectives of our machine learning Meeks
means that we want these models to generalise the deed which is what we mean by a model generalisation
that we win at the machine learning strategy to not train or to not seen a model specifically for this
training dataset.
We want the model to be general to basically look at most of the images moving forward of lets say cancer
data or images and tell us if it's malignant or benign even if the images hasn't been seen before or
during training.
OK.
And that's basically what how can we effectively use machine only these techniques sort of strategies
in real life.
Right.
So this model actually if our support machine was able to classify or maybe put the hydroplane in here
that can tell us okay this model is kind of generalized.
However we can as well try a boundary in a way that simply or is specifically designed to fit our training
dataset.
Okay.
And in this case what we call the model is that over a fitted model would mean that the model has learned
all the characteristics out of only the training.
Okay so if we expose the model again to some testing beta actually this model might be my work better
the generalized model would be working better.
OK.
And that's one of the key elements one which you would model that we want a model to be as general as
possible.
So it could classifiers Again future images that hasn't been seen during training moving forward.
OK.
So how can we evaluate our model.
So we simply use what call the confusion matrix.
We're going to use going to see how can we implemented using Python.
So all we're going to do is we simply wanted to kind of look at one matrix that tells us okay this is
the results of our testing or or two.
OK so what we do is that we call that matrix where he rose show the predictions and other columns.
It sure the true classes.
Okay.
So this is kind of the LP of the model output of the guests of the model the columns can tell us a class
which is kind of the true prediction or the true value of our target class.
OK.
Okay.
So if the prediction if for example our model or our thaine model told us Okay this cancer is malignant
for example.
And the two class told us as well it's malignant then were good.
That means it's true.
We're going to put kind of a summary here of the number of samples their predictions had to match the
chore of the class.
OK well what if for instance the predictions for example said the year the patient is negative for instance
and the true class was negative which means that the patient is good.
You know he doesn't have cancer.
That means if the prediction said that he doesn't have cancer in the true class said he actually the
patient didn't have cancer then it would good.
They're going to put other total numbers of classes here that has been classified correctly.
So simply if some of the number of elements in here with the elements in here that will tell us the
overall number of truly classified semples in a very simple form.
However if for instance our prediction told us the.
Patient has cancer for example which is kind of positive.
However our class was negative.
OK.
That means the city's Fourth prediction that means something went wrong.
However it's not that severe.
I'm going to show you that later.
I'm going to show you after the recovery.
This element but again this this kind of misclassify class which means the prediction was off compared
to our to.
That's.
All right.
The next element is.
Okay what if for instance our machine learning model predicts there our predictions were negative and
the Took less was positive.
Okay that means against misclassified or a fourth classified.
And that means that the number of elements in here and the number of elements in here that would tell
us the overall number of misclassified samples right.
Okay.
Now to a very important point.
So we have what we call a type 1 error and type 2 type 1 error indicates that the prediction was tell
us that the patient has a disease.
However for the two class he actually didn't which is again of course it's it's still an error but again
type 1 error.
Why.
Because the patient is still fine.
He's still looking.
We said he might have something but he didn't go.
However for type 2 that's a big problem and we wanted to avoid this at all costs specially if it's a
life threatening disease like cancer.
So here if we have our true class said it's positive that the patient had cancer.
But we said no on our machine learning model said the patient is fine.
The patient is okay.
This is a big problem.
That's what I call a pipe to air.
Okay.
And we want again to avoid this classification at all costs.
Right.
And that's all what we have for demandingly evaluation.
Let's look at the Jupiter book and let's see how can we believe it or not.
So let's take a look at how can we evaluate what model.
So let's recap.
So what we did so far is that we just seen a model so we use the fix method when our object is we see
this code model and we use the taining data exchange and whity.
OK.
So now it's a time to actually evaluate them on.
So let's improve let's evaluate the first step is we're going to use our object as we see underscored
model getting use again with the Predict method to predict our or to run kind of AB evaluation on our
teen model.
But in this time which is really important that we're not going to positively team.
We're talking about the testing data which has data that has never seen before.
So you know X underscores test that simply our call this should be uppercase X and this could test an
organ to do that.
Basically this method should be turned back out.
We're going to call it why predict okay they'll give me that prediction.
OK.
That's a first step.
So let's start this consistent successfully and why predict supposed to be our prediction.
Actually it's they can look at it so right rate is going to be here.
And let's take a look at it.
It's actually going to show it showed me it's really a pretty interesting ad showing me all of them
at once which is you know would scanner makes sense I'm going to show you why later.
Which is simply telling me that the model you know is not team.
That means that the model is literally like useless.
OK.
And we'll see how can we actually improve the model moving forward.
So let's keep going.
So I'm going to do it going to plot a confusion matrix.
Okay.
So there's a confusing me to just give you one one stop shop of all the matrix that shows all the curricular
sify temples and the misclassify temple as well.
All right.
So that's right.
Confusion and underscoring matrix and then what we need to do is that we need to specify compare our
true value versus the predicted that.
So our true value is simply why discourse test which is simply this is the true target value sorry.
And we have our values or our predictions we'll call it underscored.
Predict.
And simply this we're going to turn.
Let's see.
Let's try it.
Okay so then we have our coffee Matrix now one of you with a confusing matrix.
So going to use this keyboard and again interview our confuser matrix you going to use a heat map in
our seaborne library to get a sense of heat map and we're going to do going to see em which is simply
our value is suppose to be the matrix and actually let's start on it first without any anything.
So we're going to do.
So you can assure me this is our matrix which is doesn't show simply any values any counts here which
is basically useless.
So going to do you we're going to need to show the innovation going on at an additional equal equals
2 which has shown me the natural value.
Now it makes sense.
So what we can see here from the confusion matrix that simply we have zero correctly classified templates
for the first class.
So we have 40 samples are mis classified which is really terrible evaluation.
All right.
So that's pretty much how can we evaluate our models.
Obviously we haven't done a little bit a lot of stuff maybe a little bit wrong.
We should improve the model.
I'm going to show you in the next step how can we improve the model.
I hope you guys enjoyed it and see you in the next section.